In the previous video, we create friends models
in our Django project.
We also add some of our friends to the database.
Now let’s display
all of our friends to the Django page.
To doing that, we need to pass our friends
as a context from views.py to template file.
Let’s go to visual studio code and open
views.py.
First, we need to import Friends from models.
Now we can get all of our friends from database
using script like this.
Next, we need to pass all_friends variable as context.
Now open the template file.
Let’s print the list of our friends here, to print all of friends,
we can use looping. To do looping
in template file, we need to use curly braces
and percents tag like this. The script will
be, “for friend in all_friends”,
all_friends is a context variable that we have defined
in the views.py file. To print the name, we
To print the name, we can use friend.name
and to print the age,
we can use friend.age.
Let’s open the browser and look what happened.
Cool !  Now we have the list of our friends here.
This is the end of this video, also this is
the last video that cover about Django fundamentals.
If you have any questions about Django fundamentals,
Fell free to ask me, I will do my best to
answer all of your question.
In the next video, we will start to build
our Web base network automation application.
Thankyou for watching and see you on the next
video